Zheng Caihong
despicable
Captain, you are no match for them
For the purpose of creating
We can do anything
Now let's get this straight.
Wuhuang and Wuchi are like wasting your two places
So what if you have two bodies for a lifetime?
A few of us joined forces
How should you deal with it?
Outside your country
We have five million troops.
As long as we worship the gods with an order
They will drive straight in
Your little next week
It will be gone in an instant
What are you waiting for?
This matter is not bowed down
Are you going to implicate our entire gang?
Will you be buried with you all next week?
Tangbi blocking the car
self-destruct
You blind man who knows no mistakes
Are you really going to kill us?
Don't hand over the Kunlun era rain
No one can leave today
Are you sure you can get through me?
Do you really think I didn't prepare in advance?
Since you are courting death
Then we'll take it.
Give you a ride
Three thousand state days fell
If there are many riders, the hand is strong and weak
I will surely be defeated and destroyed